Notes on my project:

MuZero uses the representation network to embed the current observation, WorldModels uses a variational autoencoder.
MuZero uses the dynamics network to model the imagined environment, WorldModel uses a recurrent neural network.
MuZero uses MCTS and a prediction network to select an action, World Models uses an evolutionary process to evolve an optimal
action controller.





How does MuZero work? This is a very high level overview...
Given a known state, s, function h returns the state representation Hs 
H(es) -> (hs)

given Hs function f predicts the current policy [probability distrbution over all moves] and value [estimation of future rewards]
F(hs) -> (p, v)

given current Hs and possible action a function g returns predicted reward r and the new hidden state Hs
G(hs, a) -> (r, hs)



in order to compute the actual rewards, values and policies for back propagation reasons the network must finish the game and the
environment must calculate the rewards...

This is okay if the task is defined and rewards can be given by an external source. But with humans the rewards are generated in
our brains by reward networks that have been pruned by evolution/ trial and error to get results that make us live longer + 
reproduce.

I therefor suggest that the rewards be given by an agent's own reward network. This can be optimised through gradient decent and
back propagation by maximising an agent's time alive/ reproduction rate in a given randomised environment. Thus the reward network
should reward things that keep the agent alive and increase the population... hopefully...
--- Maybe it can't be done through back propagation as this would result in each agent having the same reward network which in 
my case i think would be undesireable as it wouldn't allow for a decent exploration of the reward network space.

Given that the agents won't be playing a perfect information game they shouldn’t have to or should I say couldn't possibly plan
much more than 1-2 moves ahead in a normal situation. If they wanted to plan further ahead they would have to build some sort of
framework of reality inside of thier internal state in which they can think through the different actions that they could take...
--- Given this I don't think that the agent should preform a monte carlo tree search to find the "Optimum solution" Maybe it
just samples from the possible actions and considers only the next position based on its internal representation then chooses 
one stochastically based on what it thinks will have the best long term result...

The tree search algorithm seems very efficeint so I think anything that begins to try and predict the future: which will
increase survival odds will have to converge upon

One think to keep in mind is that the brain tends to group thoughts and networks based on the situation or the internal and
external state. Therfore it should probably be training individual networks to deal with different situations this kind of
modularity in using different networks for achiving different goals but the same internal representation and reward system might
give way to an agent that can get good enough at tasks using a different small neural network for each task. The agent would
need a way to cluster similar tasks that could possibly use the same base network to reduce training... It might also need a
different reward network for each different task..
